[Music]
hey how's it going Dave TV here so if
this video looks and sounds and feels a
little bit different it's because
there's something special going on if
you're interested follow my Twitter in a
couple days you'll find out why but
behind me is the computer setup that I
use most of in 2018 so I'm gonna start
with the hardware and then kind of go
into the details of it the laptop that I
use the most this year was actually the
razorblade 15 so this is a device that
has a 144 hertz screen great for gaming
which i did way too much of this year
great for video editing and the thing is
I had access to a lot of other laptops
but I actually went with this one the
most because of the design of it I just
like the way that it looked like the way
that it felt and when it came in mercury
silver or mercury white Africa what they
called it it's just no-brainer
this was the laptop that I went with the
keyboard that I use the most this year
is actually the jury vote caliber
keyboard it's a wireless keyboard and
it's got RGB lights and stuff like that
if you want to play with it but I did a
video earlier this year called the
perfect keyboard and it actually
featured a different keyboard a
controlled keyboard but that thing was
wired I really like the wireless
experience so I just went with the jury
vote caliber more often than not this
year and a great keyboard highly
recommended for this particular setup
video I was considering changing these
keys out to a white key but it actually
looked better with the gray keys these
are actually the keys from that control
key word the original keys on this key
word were white but it just looks better
to have it great and just makes the
whole setup look a little bit tighter
the mouse is the MX master 2's from
Logitech it's wireless mouse comes in a
whole bunch of different colors the
white one looks particularly good with
my setup but the thing that I like the
most about it is the fact that you can
connect to multiple devices with it so
if you switch computers you switch to
like a laptop desktop you can switch
between those computers just with the
press of a button and it's just a great
wireless mouse that has a super long
battery life the monitor is the 38 you
see 99 from LG it's a widescreen monitor
not super color accurate color accurate
enough but I like the width of it and I
think the thing I liked the most about
this monitor is just how clean it looks
a lot of monitors that are big just
health like a black bass and stuff this
is silver white looks clean now when it
comes to smart phones the phone that I
use the most is here is actually the
iPhone 10 from 2017
but the phone that I liked the most was
actually the pixel 3 so that's why it's
sitting in the scene the pixel 3 is
probably the best camera in my opinion I
feel like it just shoots the nicest
clean images and because I take photos
of my kid that runs around a lot and
stuff I just wanted a fast camera the
head really good auto images sitting on
some blue books these are from poppin
I'll link them down below if you're
interested in them there's a lamp in the
background so this lamp was made by
Xiaomi it normally has a red power cord
but I spent some time to kind of put
nail polish on I don't think it looks
great but I just can't stand red I felt
like if it was gonna go on the scene it
had to be blue and this does only I'd
want to do for a while I finally did it
earlier today to make it match the whole
setup now in the drawers there are some
headphones these are the B noh8 I
believe I could be wrong a link
improperly below and there's a blue
Drive here so this is from angel bird
it's an SST super fast super small and I
think it looks good that's why I went
with it there's a white power bank from
anchor just clean looking white power
bank anchor if you ever watch this I
would love to see this color in you
specie there's also a knife in here and
the only reason why I have this knife is
because it looks super cool to me white
and blue are kind of silver and blue
just really matches my whole color setup
there's another Mouse in here so this is
the Logitech G 703 and it's a gaming
mouse and I switch over to this mouse
when I'm playing games but the battery
life on this thing is really short so I
don't use it for regular desktop use but
if you're interested this is probably
the best gaming mouse that is on the
market right now in my opinion now in
the other drawer we have the 11 inch
iPad pro and this is my favorite Apple
device from 2018 it just looks super
cool and that's the thing when you look
at devices and they just are really nice
looking it's inviting to use right you
just makes you want to use a device more
so I feel like Apple nailed the design
element this year and it just makes
people want to use this thing because
truthfully if you think about like the
hardware in it it's better obviously
significantly better from the previous
generation but it's not like it makes it
suddenly more useful but because of how
nice it feels in your hand and how how
much you want to use a device that looks
so good it just makes people want to use
them more so that's probably why I've
kept on to it but that's basically it
this whole setup is kind of like a
snapshot of the devices that I use the
most of over
20:18 and yeah hope you guys enjoy this
video thumbs we liked it subs if you
loved it I'll see you guys next time
[Music]